update(small-crates): added mitigation to disadvantages (#442)
rust-unofficial/patterns: src/patterns/structural/small-crates.md

  has both versions 1.0 and 0.5. Since the `Url` from `url:1.0` and the `Url`
  from `url:0.5` are different types, an HTTP client that uses `url:0.5` would
  not accept `Url` values from a web scraper that uses `url:1.0`.

>   Use [workspace.dependencies](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/workspaces.html#the-dependencies-table) to neutralize.

Reviewer: This only helps in your crates and it's just a developer experience improvement, not in crates download from crates io. Right? 

Also it's not clear what "neutralize" means. 
Probably "helps in enforcing the same crate version across all your workspace members" or similar is more clear

Author: so not sure, may be need to rework whole section, because.
1. there is no problem of hell with one workspace and different compilation roots(if foo and bar package have different compilation trees)
2.  workspace deps allow to mitigate aligning version if possible
3. cargo patch allows to mitigate some compilation issues for versions.
4. even one compilation root can depend on 2 version of same lib, as long as there is no unified call stack for both.

So Rust is efficient in solving dependency hell, way more better of others.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1032c6f6-3e02-4977-a9b8-17ac49a2cdd8)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/69adc0dd-d28f-4441-ba15-2c3026acfb7b)

Author: fixed, please take a look

  has both versions 1.0 and 0.5. Since the `Url` from `url:1.0` and the `Url`
  from `url:0.5` are different types, an HTTP client that uses `url:0.5` would
  not accept `Url` values from a web scraper that uses `url:1.0`.
  Rust and Cargo provide several options to handle this disadvantage:
  - [workspace.dependencies](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/workspaces.html#the-dependencies-table)
    helps in enforcing the same crate version across all workspace members

>   - dependnecy can be renamed in cargo.toml and in Rust module import 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - a dependency can be renamed in `Cargo.toml` and in Rust module import 
```
anyway, how renaming a dependency help with dependency hell?

Author: why mentioning dependency hell if it does not exist?

  - `package.resolver= "2"` allows to have several indirect and direct dependncies to be in same workspace,
     so sometimes it fails (for few reasons), one can:
    - if resolver fails to find compatible versions,
      can use [patch](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/overriding-dependencies.html#the-patch-section)
      to pin dependecy accross `Cargo.lock`
    - `resolver = "3"` added Rust-version awareness,
       so incompatible crate versions (based on the `rust-version` field) are not selected,

>        further reducing potential dependency hell

Reviewer: isn't the latest resolver already the default of the last rust edition? If yes, why documenting this? People basically don't need to know I think because the default is already the best option, right?

   - [zepter](https://github.com/ggwpez/zepter) can be used to resolve feature resolution conflicts
      

> - Packages on [crates.io](https://crates.io) are not curated. A crate may be poorly written, have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some packages on [crates.io](https://crates.io) are not curated. A crate may be poorly written, have
```
let's avoid generalizing 😅

  unhelpful documentation, or be outright malicious.

>   Rust ecosystem has next tools to mitigate these disadvantages:

Reviewer: what do you mean with "next tools"?
